---
layout: post
title: "Thought"
date: "2016-01-14 02:37"
---

# Time

If you want to participate in everything, participate in everything. It is very easy to underestimate how much time you have left in your life.

# Goal

Setting goal is hard, because nobody can keep it up for you...

# Hacking

It is extremely hard to keep up and working on something new, especially when your own schedule makes you not to do them.

# Learning

Learning new things become hard as you become indulged into more and more new thing. So much things to learn. I have been trying to get used to these tools:

+ Scala
+ Spark
+ Tensor Flow
+ Veles
+ React
+ Unreal
+ Blender

None of them received a month of my time... I spent almost 3 days on Scala and Spark... 2-3 days on Unreal, about a week on React, and just some hour reading Blender, Tensor Flow and Veles document... There was no mastery... There was no practice...

I need to be focus... There's always a feeling of missing out however.

At school, I used to be able to keep track of 4 different subject and practice them. Here however, I only practice what I'm comfortable with. I have yet to learn how to practice in each of these new tools.

I need to make a course... Or someway to learn these tools.

I need a better environment, where the act of learning is pushed further. Right now I'm focused too much on making money.

Unreal is a good start. I need to master this new tool as fast as possible. Give me one month.

And still, the goal of making money by June...

If I spend a month training from now, I will master Unreal, and will have 100 days left. If I could make $2000 everyday from then, I can reach my goal in June. What is the chance of making this kind of money versus buying the loterry?

The chance of being paid 84$/hours everyday? Or 100$/hour for the shake of having some rest?

What can I sell to people? What value can software offer? What do people need?

I need to go and meet new people. Definitely.
